c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\ESD_StraightSolution.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\ESD_StraightSolution.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\ESD_StraightSolution.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\obj\Debug\ESD_StraightSolution.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\obj\Debug\ESD_StraightSolution.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESD_StraightSolution\ESD_StraightSolution\obj\Debug\ESD_StraightSolution.pdb
